Add method for extending the Stackdriver JSON Layout (#208)
GoogleCloudPlatform/spring-cloud-gcp: docs/src/main/asciidoc/logging.adoc

| `includeException` | `false` | Should the stacktrace be included as a own field
| `serviceContext` | none | Define the Stackdriver service context data (service and version). This allows filtering of error reports for service and version in the https://console.cloud.google.com/errors[Google Cloud Error Reporting View].
| `customJson` | none | Defines custom json data. Data will be added to the json output.

> | `loggingEventEnhancer` | none | Class names implementing `JsonLoggingEventEnhancer` which modifies the JSON logging output (link:https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/spring-cloud-gcp/tree/master/spring-cloud-gcp-logging/src/main/java/com/google/cloud/spring/logging/extensions[examples]).

Reviewer: I'd probably mention that a Logstash tag-enriching implementation is available in the extensions package, just to make it discoverable through search engines.

Reviewer: Also, if the tag is repeatable, mention that. It's a repeatable XML tag, right? -- it's not like you can specify multiple classes in the same tag.

Author: Done and Done.

> | `loggingEventEnhancer` | none | Class names implementing `JsonLoggingEventEnhancer` which modifies the JSON logging output (link:https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/spring-cloud-gcp/tree/master/spring-cloud-gcp-logging/src/main/java/com/google/cloud/spring/logging/extensions[examples]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `loggingEventEnhancer` | none | Name of a class implementing `JsonLoggingEventEnhancer` which modifies the JSON logging output (link:https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/spring-cloud-gcp/tree/master/spring-cloud-gcp-logging/src/main/java/com/google/cloud/spring/logging/extensions[examples]).
```
